[EMERADA]
That's all great.
But there's something
I need to ask you.
Has Lailah dropped by recently?
[EMI]
Huh? Who's whom now?
[EMERADA]
Well, that's an odd reply.
Isn't Lailah your mother?
Oh, dear. Did I get it wrong?
Well, I don't have any idea
who my mother is.
Let alone if she's even alive.
This might seem like
it's from out of nowhere,
but an interesting character
stepped into and out of my life.
What?
[EMERADA]
And the weirdest part is?
I'm almost entirely
convinced that this character
is actually your mother.
Everything all right?
You've been lost
in thought for a while now.
Have I?
[MAOU yells]
What's wrong?
Where's the enemy?
Keep it down, you tools!
You're gonna wake up the baby!
It's time to buy... a TV!
[GABRIEL yawns]
What a beautiful morning
of living the dream
and trying out new things!
[SATO]
G'morning, Greece.
Hey. Wassup, Sato?
Bad news, friend.
They're all out of oolong tea.
Great, well.
Guess I'll suffer with water.
What a crap start
to the work day.
Didn't know you
were working today.
By the way, I got the word
Sato's not your real name.
Oh! It's not.
If my real name somehow got out,
the world would go up in flames.
That sounds bad.
Curious?
My life story features a fall
from CEO to homeless man.
But never fear, because I've got
a new business in the works.
You'd share that,
but not your name?
Also, shouldn't you
get to work, man?
Ha! You're right.
We'll talk more later!
Heckuva guy.
I've been to heaven and back,
and I've never met
anybody so full of life.
Huh?
And on the flip side,
you've got me.
Dead fish have more
life in their eyes.
Huh? A friend?
Yello. That's right.
You're quick.
No sweat. I'll come get you.
[GABRIEL]
Cheese and crackers.
What's the purpose of all this?
You're an angel, Gabriel!
Obviously,
the purpose is justice!
[ASHIYA]
But for what purpose?
You've said it yourself!
A television is by no means
intrinsic to our
understanding of this world!
Remember, we have
worlds of useless info!
You must be pointing
at the computer, not me,
because my info is priceless.
On Jungle, maybe.
[URUSHIHARA]
Screw you!
The fridge and the washing
machine took priority.
That's why we didn't buy a TV.
So... now that we have some
cash, it's time to saddle up
and ride this pony
to television town!
Why must this be an issue now?
Lemme break it down.
Emi has a TV at her place.
Huh? So what?
It's not fair.
[GROUP]
Hmm?
I should be able to watch
cartoons with Alas Ramus, too!
Radical honesty!
I barely watch the thing.
I'd give it away
if someone wanted it.
--Me!
--Not you.
My liege,
I completely understand.
Really?
However!
There're still cable fees
to think about.
Huh?
I believe I can figure this out.
We're up against a fierce
enemy known as "the budget."
And the only way to quell
this beast is with research!
Research on...?
Well, cable contracts, to start.
It would also behoove us
to contact the landlady
as soon as possible.
If she says our endeavor
will require additional fees,
this conversation can die.
I seriously doubt it will;
my rent includes all that stuff.
I beg your silence, please!
I secretly don't
want a television!
It's not a secret, now.
[MAOU]
Answer me this, Ashiya.
If the cable thing doesn't end
up being a big issue,
just how much can we spend?
[ASHIYA]
Hmm...
Math done!
[MAOU]
Well?
I conclude, if we consider the
income from our temp jobs.
We can pay 5,000 per person!
That's a total of 15,000 yen!
Hell, I'll allow 20K!
Dude! You're making me pay, too?
But of course! You should
be grateful, young man.
I should seize all of your
earnings to compensate
for your love affair
with Jungle dot co!
[chuckles]
Twenty thousand yen, you say?
[gasps]
[MAOU] Silly Ashiya.
You're forgetting something.
What might that be?
Where'd I buy the washing
machine? And the fridge, too?
Well, as I recall,
the Yodogawabashi
Camera in Shinjuku.
[gasps]
[MAOU] Finally.
You figured out my plan!
[ASHIYA]
You... You have--?!
[MAOU] Points on points!
I bought all that crap
in the middle of a ten percent
points back promotion!
I am the king of points!
[ASHIYA]
I can't believe it!
Twenty K? Ha! That's easy!
If I factor in all my points,
that's a whopping 26,239 yen
total I'm rockin' with!
That can't be!
Who's thrifty now?
Thanks for the free rope,
I had just enough
to hang you with!
[URUSHIHARA]
Sorry you had to see this.
It's cool!
I like watching his passion.
[EMI] You wanna come
all the way to my place?
[SUZUNO]
Yes.
I believe I left something
there I'd like to pick up.
and while I'm over,
I might as well briefly
inspect your television.
So are you gonna get one, too?
It sounds to me like the Devil
is going to make his
purchase sometime tomorrow.
For the sake of efficiency,
I'm planning on buying mine
at the same time.
Aren't all of them
jobless right now?
Why is he so gung-ho
to spend money?
Eh! Guess it's not my problem
if those dinguses get themselves
into financial trouble.
But wouldn't it be best
if things stay exactly
how they are?
Yeah. Good point.
I think about
that kinda stuff a lot.
If things can stay
the way they are,
and if all the people I love can
find happiness with each other.
Seems doubtful.
Funny. You're more like
Mister Maou than you think.
What now?
That's a cruel joke.
[CHIHO giggles]
Finding happiness, huh?
I wonder how much longer
things will stay this quiet.
I've been thinking.
We all should prepare ourselves.
I fear that soon we will
need to act in opposition
to our ultimate goal.
Huh?
I won't be shocked
if there comes a day
when we'll need
to protect the devil.
Huh? Why would we?
After what happened in Choshi,
the demon realm knows
he's alive and well.
Worst case scenario,
he's kidnapped and
taken back to Ente Isla.
Huh? The demons would take him?
If they prevail, I'm positive
it will be with the intention
of persuading him into
reestablishing his army.
Do you recall the zealots?
If they're as Camio said,
they're still loyal to Satan.
Yeah. But there's no chance
he could raise an army
the way he is now.
[SUZUNO]
He's still a king.
He made that evident in Choshi.
What do you mean?
If he's forced to choose
between his two lives,
he won't abandon the
citizens asking for help.
If that happens,
he'll never return here.
You said you're shopping
with them, right?
Is that to keep an eye out?
Yes, but I sincerely
want a television set.
I'm content with the
bubble in which we live.
Uh, wait, what bubble?
Our lives of comfort
feel rather ephemeral.
If we can keep the Devil
in Japan, he's no longer threat.
What's more, the two of us get
to live ever so comfortably.
In this world,
we're blessed by a rich culture,
good friends,
and several luxuries.
But what's next?
Though I quite enjoy this life,
I have to wonder
when the bubble will pop.
All that said, I'll
work against the worst case
and watch over them.
Sure. Heads up,
few things are more boring
than surveilling those goons.
[phone buzzes]
Hey! D'you call?
Please don't laugh.
You know that I won't.
So, tell me!
Well, I, uh, I'm fully
aware of how weird it is
for me to ask you about this,
but you're the only
person that I can.
Sure.
So, uh, what kind of clothes
do you think Ashiya is into?
[EMI]
Hmm?!
You there?
[EMI]
Cheap stuff, obviously.
What does that mean?
No snobby, designer brands?
The dude exclusively wears
the same cheap junk from Unislo.
He must've picked the crappiest
shoes they had on purpose.
[RIKA] Wait, that's
not what I need to know.
[EMI]
What do you need to know?
Please! Don't play dumb!
I need your help!
C'mon, Emi, just tell me
what style of clothes
he might find attractive
on a woman!
[EMI]
May I ask you a question first?
Yeah. What's up?
[EMI] Is there something
going on between you two?
No, nothing's going
on in the slightest, duh!
There is one thing. It's small.
He asked me out!
He wants us to go shopping
together tomorrow!
[EMI]
What?
[ASHIYA] This outing is
purely for research, Sire.
[MAOU]
Research deez nuts.
And dude?
What made you invite Rika?
She can provide us
with objective advice.
I'm sure she's experienced
this sort of thing.
She must be so smart.
You think I'm not?
I've put a lot of thought
into this for your information.
And yeah, there have been,
like, buttloads of times
when I wished that we had a TV.
Huh? You never told me.
It first happened back in
my early MgRonald's days.
You know how we serve that
Happiness Meal for kids?
It comes with a toy?
Go on.
One fateful day, a young boy
ordered a Happiness Meal.
"Cool!" I said,
"which toy would you like?"
and he said.
[KENTARO]
The one who says "geroro"!
See? The face you all just
made was the same as mine
after he stumped me.
Ah! Agh! Poor boy!
What's "geroro"?
Way back then,
I was too naïve to know that
sound was made by a Pokéture.
I did a quick search.
It seems like that one was
introduced in this movie.
Digero, the frog Pokéture.
Turns into a dragon
when it transforms.
I would've thought "geroro"
was enough of a clue
to guess it's the one
that looks like a frog.
In Japanese, sure.
But animal noises vary from
place to place in this world.
In some countries,
toads say weird crap
like "ribbit, ribbit."
And? What is the
moral of this fable?
The point is,
if I had seen the toys on TV,
then I would've had
knowledge on the brand.
Therefore, I could've better
served the young customer!
Kiss-ass.
And of course,
you could always ask,
"Why would we be
watching Poketure?"
And I answer you,
we wouldn't even have to!
We'd know a ton just from ads!
We should depart soon.
Sire. Let's go.
Uh. Right.
We should be back soon, bye.
[URUSHIHARA]
Have fun, dweebs.
I have more reasons!
The other day,
some people were talking about a
variety show in the break room--
[SUZUNO]
Stop this madness.
[EMI]
That's right.
Feel free to call
whenever you need.
Thank you for your patience.
It's been such a pleasure
to serve you today.
Uh... Yusa? So, uh...
What now?
Oh, crap, my bad!
It's nothing at all!
Huh? Sorry. What's up?
Well, it's just.
I wanted to know if you and
Rika are fighting right now.
Huh? Why would you say that?
Just 'cause she was acting all
weird and nervous yesterday.
And she mentioned
something about calling you?
Now she opts
to take the day off,
and you look like
you're out for blood.
I can see why you thought
we were fighting.
Oh, so you aren't?
Well, that's good to hear.
But what's with her?
Did she get a boyfriend
or something?
Huuuh?!
You good?
Yeah, of course!
The goodest!
[EMI growls] Screw this crap!
They can't do this to me!
Yusa?
Haha. Oops.
[EMI] Does Rika have
any idea that Maou and Bel
will be there, too?
She never used
the word "date," but still,
I imagine she'll be
a little disappointed
that they won't be alone.
Why would I care about that?!
[EMI]
I've got to get it together.
That man is a demon!
I'm not going to play
interspecies matchmaker
for some dandy demon
and my workwife!
Good thing Bel's there.
Not only will
she make sure Rika's safe,
but the dumb
and dumber are, too.
Stop, brain! We hate them!
[whimpers]
So, Yusa,
you been sleeping well?
Why don't you take the day off?
Huh?
[ALAS RAMUS]
Mama? Something wrong?
Everything's fine.
I'm going to be fine.
If I'm gonna get
a little time off,
I better not let it go to waste!
Grub supply is low.
Rad! Tea!
[URUSHIHARA]
You're still in Japan, huh?
Well, you missed Maou.
He's out shopping today.
[GABRIEL]
I am well aware.
I'm here to shoot the
breeze with you, compadre.
I also know his right-hand man
and that flying neighbor chick
are out with him.
It's our perfect chance to chat.
Oh, great.
Just keep it short
and sweet, please.
If you can't manage that,
I'll tell Ashiya you're
raiding his precious fridge.
You fuddy duddy.
You had a guest come over,
obviously you were going to
provide some refreshments.
First, you aren't a guest.
Second, it doesn't matter
what the hell I do,
I'll get yelled at.
Yelled at, you say?
That's funny.
What happened to you, man?
You were the son of the dawn,
the one closest to God.
Now you get dunked
on by greasy demons?
Wash your hair.
You invented greasy.
[GABRIEL]
Whoa-ho, chillax.
Tell me why you serve
a punk like him.
Everybody up in heaven says
it's all because
your power levels
went the way of
the dodo, y'know?
But I wanted to hear firsthand
what made you fall down
to the demon realm.
There was nothing to do.
'Scuse me?
My life is fun now.
Surfing the web and
suffocating in this hole is fun?
Absolutely.
It's infinitely better
than going crazy
from sitting up in heaven all
day with nothing to do.
I couldn't take
the boredom any longer.
So I swooped down and
joined up with Satan's crew.
Rest is history
Now we're talking, buddy!
Huh?
I carted my toned little booty
all the way to Sasazuka
to try to get some
real info on Satan.
Talk to him yourself.
Nah, man, I'm not talking
about the Lord of the Fries.
I wanna know about the OG.
The one you
used to pal around with.
I want all the deets on the
legendary Demon King Satan.
Is that all you wanted to know?
I wasted my serious face.
Tone down the
dismissiveness, man!
Couldn't you tell that I've
been trying to establish a
"this is very important" mood?
[URUSHIHARA] NEETs
who read the mood are B-tier.
Is a top tier NEET
a good thing to be?
NEETs who care about
other's opinions are C-tier.
[GABRIEL] Wouldn't someone
like that get kicked out?
Only D-tier and
below get booted.
Whoa.
However, those of us
who make it into the S-tier
know exactly how
parasitic we can be
before our hosts
go in for the extraction.
Sorry, but I can't wrap
my head around NEET pride.
This is your life.
Don't you want to do more
than leech off your friends?
Look who's the fuddy
duddy now, Gabey-Baby.
If that crap hadn't gone
down way back when,
all y'all would be living that
NEET life, just like me.
Huh?
You just read the mood!
That's so B-tier.
My bad. C'mon.
Try to stick to
the topic, please.
I want any info you have on
Demon King Satan's treasures.
Mind spilling the beans
to your old pal?
Treasures?
Aren't you busy tracking down
the shards of who-cares?
Emi got another one recently,
she's wrecking you, dude-brah.
Good for her.
I gave that hunt a break.
Truth is, they took me off
the case after I blew it.
[EMI]
I've got the sacred sword,
Alas Ramus, and the crystal
that led Ciriatto our way.
I'm pretty sure the shards of
Yesod attract each other.
Not only did that woman know
Alas Ramus's name,
but she knew
about the shards, too.
Could she be--?
Shut up! You seriously
think you met my mother?
[EMERADA]
Uh-huh.
Sorry I didn't call you sooner.
We're having a teensy bit
of trouble over here.
Trouble like what?
It's the Efzahan empire
to the east.
They want to conquer
the central continent,
so they declared war
against every other country.
Wait. So while I was here,
a war broke out?
That's right.
Apparently, their army is tough.
There have even been demons
spotted amongst them.
Real talk, do you need me
to come back home?
Not at all.
You see, if you came flying
down, sacred sword in hand,
to take part in a war
between humans--
"The Hero" would lose power.
And choosing sides like that
could quickly undermine
my credibility.
[EMERADA]
That's it exactly.
So, work hard and stick it out
in Japan for a while longer.
I know you have Satan
to worry about,
but Lailah might be there, too.
Oh, yeah.
Can we address that?
How'd you ever get the idea
that she's my mom?
[EMERADA]
Let me explain what happened.
One day, I dropped
into my local bar.
And that's when I found
a kindred spirit of sorts!
Uh...
I invited her to stay
the night with me,
but she decided
to move in for a bit.
The two of us got along well!
She has long silver hair,
and pretty eyes,
and a face that looks
a lot like yours!
Good grief. This sounds
like a "your mom" joke.
For whatever reason,
she vanished into thin air!
But not without leaving a
thank-you note, of course.
She wrote, "I'm glad I got to
meet my daughter's friend."
And that got me thinking.
Maybe she disappeared to Japan
so that she could check out
what you were up to.
My mom? Nah.
[GABRIEL]
Your handwriting blows.
I can't tell where the words
start and end, get some help.
Man. Is this really
all there is?
[URUSHIHARA]
In my experience,
people called Satan are
always poor for some reason.
I can't remember anything that'd
be worth calling a "treasure."
That's all I can do for you.
[GABRIEL]
Okay.
I guess I'll call it
a day, then.
Just keep in mind that I'm the
only reason he's standing down.
What now? Who's "he"?
The watcher. And he's here.
Huh?
With his partner Sariel gone,
you should've predicted
he'd show up in
Japan sooner or later.
How could I? You all went
ghost-mode for years!
Why are you showing
signs of life now?
[GABRIEL] Call me if you
remember anything else.
[URUSHIHARA]
In your dreams.
Hope you have a nice day, bud.
[EMI]
And done.
Now to add celestial force.
Ah! It worked!
[EMI] If I did this right, it
should lead me to more shards.
[CHIHO] I really wish that
I could've gone TV shopping
with them.
Huh? TV shopping?
Yeah, that's right.
Mister Maou and Mister Ashiya
are out looking for one today.
Cute!
Wait, why "cute?"
Just think about it!
Those are your two male friends
who live together, aren't they?
Uh-huh.
Two roommates.
Shopping as a pair.
Well, not quite. I think
Miss Suzuno was going, too.
Hot! Do you think
they'll hold hands,
or will they allow their fingers
to gently graze across
the other's thigh?
Or will they be too nervous?
Earth to Kao.
Are you feeling okay?
[RIKA]
Ready.
[CHIHO]
I'm home!
I wonder if the boys have
already gotten their TV.